---
title: '대학영어 Chap 3 12, 13, 14'
layout: single
categories:
  - study
  - english
tags: []
---

## Five major nutrients

1. Carbohydrate
    - Major source of energy.
2. Protain
    - Builds muscles, skin, hair, and nails. Strengthen the immune system.
3. Fat 
    - Can be stored for future energy use. Absorbs some vitamins and minerals.
4. Dietary Fiber
    - Organic substances contained mainly in food. Enable the body to break down and use the energy from food.
5. Minerals
    - Inorganic substances found mainly in soil and rocks. Help to regulate cell function and to serve as building blocks for your cells and organs.

## 12 Fill in the blanks.

1. Because of the time pressures of modern life, many people these days eat _one the run_(whil doing something else): while driving, walking and working on the Internet.
2. Potato chips are a trigger food for me. When I start to eat them, I can't stop, and I _binged_ (overeat)
3. It's not a good idea to eat in front of the TV because you're not paying attention to what you do. It's better to eat _mindfully_ (consciously)
4. The whole _edifice_(structure) of nutritional science if very complex, so people used some simple rules.
5. Americans' love of fat has udndoubtedly contributed to the obesity _epidemic_ (a disease spreading quickly), but it's far from the sole culprit. (혼자만의 잘못)
6. We eat not only to satisfy our hunger for food but also for companionship and sharing. This social _dimension_ (aspect, 측면 이런 뜻) of food is often forgotten because we are so rushed and busy.
7. This garden is _afflicted_(made sick) with fungus and weeds.
8. Government _subsidies_(sums of money) support framers financially so that they do not suffer from changes in market prices for their produce.
9. Although the pesiticide DDT kills malaria mosquitoes, it leaves long-lasting toxic _residue_(remains)  in the food chan and was banned from use in the U.S. in 1972.
10. If your _budget_ (available money) is limited, you should carefully plan on how to spend your money.
11. The growth of smartphone market was _stunning_ (surprising)
12. People should not _engage in_ (participate) in activities that endanger their health.

## Reading 2 : Comprehension Questions

1. What is the main question addressed in this essay? (Paraphrase the first sentence in your own words.)
    - What should we do to change American's eating habits?

2. What is SAD? How can the SAD be described? (para. 1)
    - Standard American Diet
    - High in animal product and processed foods, Low in plant and natural product.

3. Why should SAD be changed?
    - We are more likely to have diseases like diabetes and cancer later.
    - It could save hundreds of billions of dollars in health care costs. 

4. Who should be involved to imporve public health? Why?
    - The food industry should be changed. But food industry doesn't change itself since its goal is to get profit. The government should force the food industry to improve public health.

5. What should be done to improve public health?
    - Should tax unhealthful foods (e.g., soda, french fries ..) 
    - Subsidize the healthy foods. (e.g., seasonal greens, veggies, whole grains.. )

### Bad food tax

  - Aims to decrease the consumption of foods that are linked to obesity and detrimental healthy effects. 
  - Different kinds of bad food tax have been discussed (or impemented) in many countries.
  > Certain food or ingredients. - Saturated Fats, sugary drinks.

## Vocabulary

1. If someone _stalls_ , he deliberately delays because he is not ready to do something.
2. A _sane_ person is mentally healthy and reasonable. A sane food is a healthy food, the noun form of this word is _sanity_
3. If something is _indisputable_, it is unable to be challenged or denied.
4. If something is _affordable_,  it is not too expensive for one to buy it.
5. If some problem or difficulty is _insurmountable_, it cannot be resolved.  (surmount : overcome the problem)
6. Tourism _generate_ income for local communities.
7. To _soar_ is to increase quickly to a high level.
8. Put your coat on. _Otherwise_ you'll get cold. (그렇지 않으면)
9. A highly _profitable_ business is one that produces huge profit.
10. If these prizes are not in stock, we will send you an _equivalent_ gift of the same value.
11. A coin used in the US and Canada worth 25 cents is called a _quarter_ (three-quarter 75%)
12. The government wants to reduce tobacoo _consumption_ by 40%
13. Foods that are needed and used all the time are called _staple_ foods (food that is needed and used all the time)
14. We should send hime to a big hospital right now. The doctor said he was in _urgent_ need of medical attention(위급한).

## Expressions

- fall into a food comma : 식곤증
