---
title: '대학영어 Chap 4. 6~8'
layout: single
categories:
  - study
  - english
tags: []
---

## How we conquered the deadly smallpox virus

10,000 years ago, a deadly virus arose in northeastern africa. The virus spread through the air, attacking the skin cells, bonemarrow, spleen(비장), and lymph nodes of its victims. The unlucky infected developed fevers, vomiting and rashes. 30 % of infected people died during the second week of infection. Survivors bore scars and scabs for the rest of their lives. Smallpox had arrived. In 1350 B.C., the first  smallpox epidemics hit during the Egypt-Hittite war. Egyptian prisoners spread smallpox to the Hittites, which killed their king and devastated his civilization. Insidiously, smallpox made its way around the world via Egyptioan merchants , then through the Arab world with the Crusades, and all the way to the Americas with the Spanish and Portuguese conquests. Since then, it has killed billions of people with an estimated 300 to 500 million people killed in the 20th century alone. But smallpox is not unbeatable. In fact, the fall of smallpox started long befor modern medicine. It began all the way back in 1022 A.D. According to a small book, called "The correct treatment of a smallpox" a Buddhist nun living in a famous mountain name O Mdi shan. in the southern province of Sichuan, would grind up small pox scabs and blow the powder into nostrils of healthy people. She did this after noticing that those who managed to survive smallpox never got it again, and her odd treatment worked. The procedure, called variolations slowly evolved and by the 1700's doctors were taking material from sores and putting them into healthy people through four or five scratches on the arm. This worked pretty well as inoculated people would not get reinfected, but it wasn't foolproof. Up to three percent of people would still die after being exposed to the puss. It wasn't untill English physician Edward Jenner noticed something about dairy maids that we got our modern solution. At age 13, while Jenner was apprentice to a country surgeon and apothecary in Sodbury, near Bristol, he heard a dairy maid say, "I shall never have smallpox, for I have had cowpox. I shall never have an ugly, pockmarked face." Cowpox is a skin disease that resembles smallpox and infects cows. Later on, as a physician, he realized that she was right, women who got cowpox didn't develop the deadly smallpox. Smallpox and cowpox viruses are from the same family. But when a virus infects an unfamiliar host, in this case cowpox infecting a human, it is less virulent, so Jenner decided to test whether the cowpox virus could be used to protect against smallpox. In May 1796, Jenner found a young dairy maid, Sarah Nelms, who had fresh cowpox lesions on her hand and arm caught from the utters of a cow named Blossom. Using matter from her pustules, he inoculated James Phipps, the eight-year-old son of his gardener. After a few days of fever and discomfort, the boy seemed to recover. Two months later, Jenner inoculated the boy again, this time with the matter from a fresh smallpox lesion. No disease developed, and Jenner concluded that protection was complete. His plan had worked. Jenner later used the cowpox virus in several other people, and challenged them repeatedly with smallpox, proving that they were immune to the disease. With this procedure, Jenner invented the smallpox vaccination. Unlike variolation, which used actual smallpox virus to try to protect people vaccination used the far less dangerous cowpox virus. The medical establishment cautious then as now, deliberated at length over his findings befor accepting them. But eventually vaccination was gradually accepted and variolation became prohibited in England in 1840. After large vaccination campaigns throughout the 19th and 20th centuries, the World Health Organization certified smallpox's eradication in 1979. Jenner is forever remembered as the father of immunology, but let's not forget the Buddhist nun, dairy maid Sarah Nelmes, and James Phipps, allheroes in this great adventure of vaccination who helped eradicate smallpox. 

## Questions

- The smallpox arose in Europe in 10,000 years ago (X) -> arose in Northeastern Africa.
- The smallpox virus spread through direct physical contract. (X) -> spread through air
- Smallpox made its way around the world through wars and trades. (O)
- Explain the techniques 
  1. An early technique introduced by a Chinese nun in 1022 A.D.
    - Grind the smallpox scabs and blow the powder into nostrills of healthy people
  2. A later; evloved technique used by doctors by 1700s
    - Take materials from sores and put them into healthy people through four or five scratches on the arm.
- What did Edward Jenner learned from a dairymaid?
  - Person who got cowpox didn't get smallpox
- Why did he use the cowpox virus instad of smallpox virus?
  - Cowpox virus is quite similar to smallpox virus while it is quite less dangerous than smallpox.

## Experts say COVID-19 will never end

When is this fininally going to end? That's the question on everyone's mind after a full year living through the covid-19 pandemic. The administration does not have a clear timeline. We're not in a place where we can predict exactly when everybody will feel normal again. When do I think things get back to normal? I've been cautioned not to give an answer to that because we don't know for sure. But some public health experts say we do have an answer and you're not going to like it. Covid-19 is never is going to end. 
You know we've been told that this virus will disappear but it will not. This is a virus like other viruses. That's now part of our ecosystem. It's part of our environment. We need to control it, we need to diminish it's impact but it's going to be around hassling us for the forseeable future And that I mean, years. The World Health Organization covid-19 a pandemic on March 11th 2020. Pandemic is not a word to use lightly or carelessly. Today scientists say this pandemic is on it's way to the next level and endemic disease. Thereare three words we use epidemic where the virus can affect the very large portion of our national population. There's a pandemic. That's wneh entirely new viruses come on the global scene. Endemic means that the virus is always in our population in some form smoldering along and occasionally causing outbreaks. We already live with many endemic diseases. The flu is one, measles is another. We've had vaccines for both of them for decades. Even covid-19 is just a novel version of coronaviruses that were already with us. We have a great vaccine against the measles virus and still a hundread thouand children a year are killed by measles. The more infectious by microebs the harder it is to control. Covid is very challenging to control and the new variance suggest that we may end up playing kind of a game of cat and mouse.  Even if we vaccinate everybody we possibly can, there will still probably be some people who choose not to get vaccinated or who may be can't be vaccinated because of their personal issues. So we have population where the virus continues to spread and be susceptible. The only disease in modern history that was completely eradicated is smallpox. It spreads slowly and people who had it developed a distinctive rash making it easier to identify and control but covid is highly contagious and many people have it don't show any symptoms. Scientists say that makes it nearly impossible to contain. Do you know if I have covid just by looking at me? NO. so that's part of the factor. Covid-19 also spreads to both human and animals, meaning it could always be circulating in our environment. We have given it back to other animals and so now we have not only its original animal reservoir but also potentially other animal reservoirs and it's pretty unrealistic to think that we can eliminate the virus from bht the human population and from its natural source. But this doesn't mean covid will always disrupt our lives like it does now, like any other endemic disease. It's something we can learn to live with. Flu is a really serious nasty virus makes many people sick each year kills many people but familiarity reads if not content at least a certain nonchalance. Could it be down the road that we become so familiar with covid that we develop a certain nonchalance about it. Also, we tend to do that in the United States. So what does our future look like with covid 19? The third fourth and fifth years of covid should not be anywhere close to this awful as the first one. The winter or the fall of 2025, we might have to roll up one sleeve for the flu shot and the other sleeve for the covid shot. We'll have Thankgsgiving, Christmas, New Year celebration altogether. What will be more attentive as to who attends and will make sure that everyone's vaccinated. Senior citizens people with underlying illnesses might indeed start wearing the maskes. Much more often making us will no longer be quite as carefree as we used to be will be more careful for our own sake and for the sake of people around us so instead of going back to normal, we'll keep creating a new normal.

### Questions

- Summarize the secion in one or two sentences. 
  - Covid-19 will never end unfortunately, we will try to controll covid-19 as much as possible and diminish its impact 
- Describe the differences between terms 'epidemic' 'pandemic' and 'endemic'
  - epidemic : a disease that spreads through a lot of people. 
  - pandemic : a disease that spreads all the people in the world. (world wid scale epidemic)
  - endemic : if a disease become a pandemic, it is not eradicated, the disease comes and comes as times go by. (occational outbreak, we have to live with the disease)
- What are the challenges of controlling Covid-19?
  1. Highly infectious disease
  2. A lot of variance of disease. (If we develop a vaccine of one variant, still another variance of virus still exists)
  3. Some people can't be vaccinated. (Disease, Underlying illness -> Risky for people)
  4. Hard to Identify patients. (comared to smallpox, it is easier for smallpox patients to distinguish)
  5. Animal reservoirs. (Small pox, no animal hosts). Originated from bats, we may spread to animals again. If we eradicated covid from human society, later, there's a chance that it may come back to human by aniamls
- Why is the future not so gloomy, What will the future look like?
  - The conclusion of the video is not gloomy, we will get used to living with with corona virus, differnce : we'll be more careful. We'll be more careful for vulnerable population. (Senior, people who have underlying disease, they may wear masks.) Additional vaccine shots. (yearly, 2,3years)

  ### Sentences
  - We need to control it, we need to diminish it's impact but it's going to be around hassling us for the forseeable future.
  - Hassling : annoy someone, especially by asking them many times to do something
  - forseeable : able to be predicted
  - diminish : make something become smaller or less
  - Endemic means that the virus is always in our population in some form smoldering along and occasionally causing outbreaks. We already live with many endemic diseases. The flu is one, measles is another. We already live with many endemic diseases. The flu is one, measles is another.
  - smoldering : exist in a state of suppressed activity
  - The more infectious microbes the harder it is to control. Covid is very challenging to control and the new variance suggest that we may end up playing kind of a game of cat and mouse. 
  - So we have pockets of the population where the virus continues to spread and be susceptible.
  - susceptible : likely to suffer from a particular disease or be affected by a particular problem
  - We have given it back to other animals and so now we have not only its original animal reservoir but also potentially other animal reservoirs.
  - Flu is a really serious nasty virus makes many people sick each year kills many people but familiarity reads if not content at least a certain nonchalance. Could it be down the road that we become so familiar with covid that we develop a certain nonchalance about it also? 
  - nonchalance : 무관심
  - Senior citizens people with underlying illnesses might indeed start wearing the maskes. Much more often making us will no longer be quite as carefree as we used to be will be more careful for our own sake and for the sake of people around us so instead of going back to normal, we'll keep creating a new normal.


  ## Can we get rid of Covid-19 forever?

  - Compare smallpox and Covid-19 in the degree of contagiousness and fatality rate.

  ||Smallpox|Covid-19|
  |------|---|---|
  |How Contagious it is|An infected person spread to 4~6 other people|2~3 other people|
  |Fatality rate|Approx 30%, three out of ten died|one out of 200 people died.|

  - Compare smallpox and COVID-19 in the following aspects. According to the video, is COVID-19 a good candidate for eradication? why?

  ||Smallpox|Covid-19|
  |------|---|---|
  |availability of (safe, effective) vaccine|Dr. Edward Jenner developed vaccine, safe, effective, vaccine was exported quickly.|Covid-19 vaccine developed very quickly|
  |Animal Reservoir|No animal vector (spread only to humans)|Originated from bats. Covid-19 will be in some animals. If we eliminate covid-19 from human society, animals may carry virus to human again|
  |Possability of global cooporation|WHO initiated smallpox eradication program, all the countries cooperated. |Didn't work very well. Some countries banned exporting face masks. Banning important drugs. U.S. didn't support WHO, some country has leftover vaccine, while some country lacks|
  |Contact tracing and Isolation|Vaccinating everyone is not a good idea. (Ring Vaccination - Vaccinate people near the infected person, and so on), Isolation|Less successful compared to smallpox / no visible, physical symptom. people might carry the disease without noticing.|

- How would the future of COVID-19 be like?
  - covid will be an endemic disease. It will remain around us, we have to manage and controll the disease.
  - Not very fatal (death rate is relatively low.)

- What is the warning the current pandemic gives us?
  - We're not ready for something worse. Next pandemic may be much worse. Need to prepare for it.

### Sentences

- In 2020, if a person contracted COVID-19, on average, they would spread it to two or three other people.
- Imagine if the virus were even more contagious. If every infected person passed it on to an average of four or six people, and if its fatality rate were much highter, closer to three in ten. This devastating scenario is smallpox.
- Smallpox claimed hundreds of millions of lives in the 20th century alone and plagued humanity for centuries before that. And then it was gone. We completely wiped it out of existance.
- Before this point, the only way to gain immunity from smallpox was to catch it.
- Vaccination alonw wolud eventually be enough to drastically reduce cases.
- But countries with fewer resources, civil unrest, or highter population density struggled to effectively vaccinate and contain the virus.
- True eradication woudl require a global effort.
- But that proved harder in densely populated places like India, where it was hard co track outbreaks and the virus could spread quickly.
- Instead of trying to vaccinate everyone at once, public health officials focused on infected individuals, using a form of contract tracing. Doctors and volunteers would isolate the person and vaccinate anyone who had come into contact with them.
- A person with smallpox could only spread the disease if they were showing symptoms.
- Some countries banned exports of protective gear.
- And that's a big problem, because leaving the virus to spread unchecked in these other places gives it more time to spread, which increases the chance it will mutate. Variants of the virus are already popping up, and that leaves the whole world at risk.
- And that's where many researchers think we'll land with COVID-19: we'll vaccinate and manage. Lockdowns and quarantines will end, and we might end up with a virus that we manage with an annual vaccine, like the flu.