---
title: '대학영어 Chap3 6, 7'
layout: single
categories:
  - study
  - english
tags: []
---

## HW Questions

1. As an answer to the second interview question on the "nutritional-industrial complex" Pollan explained how industries have turned a certain catchy phrase of slogan to their advantage to sell new food, which is no better than the existing one. Can you think of other examples of nutritional-industrial complex? Why aren't they good alternatives?

    > Zero Calory drinks - less calories, low sugar healthier alternative. Health effect of artificial sweeteners are still controversial. (for people who have diabetes it is dangerous, also it can ruin our metabolism)

2. Why does overproduction of corn and soy cause a negeative health effect? According to Pollan, "they're really cheap and attractively packaged" causing us to eat more, but that's only part of the story. Overproduction of corn and soy has had a significant influence on the food industry and consequently(따라서, 그 결과로) on what we eat. How has corn and soy affected our diet?

### Cornify video

1. What crop receives the largest amount of subsidy from the government?
    > Corn and soy.

2. For what purpose is most of this crop used and why? How does this system influence our health?
    > Feed corn is fed to chickens, hogs(돼지) and especially cattle(송아지). Corn helps theses animals grow faster, fatter and holds down the costs of meat. That encourages American to eat more meat.  
    > Beef cattle were never intended to eat corn and soy. They have to be given all sorts of antibiotics to keep them healthy.  
    > Corn and soy are used in a lot of processed foods. e.g. High fructose corn syrup. (Cheaper than real sugar)

3. The word, cornify, is not a real word.

    > All the food include the corn as an ingredient.

    - What are some example products?

    > Pop corn, coke, sweet drinks, high fructose corn syrup...