---
title: '대학영어 Chap 4. activity'
layout: single
categories:
  - study
  - english
tags: []
---
1. Write a COVID-19 scenario of fall or winter 2022. What would people do one year after today? The scenario might be about people in general or about a single person (an imaginary person, yourself, etc.).
A person wakes up and sees today’s weather. To go outside of the house, he wears a mask as usual. He went to his company and without noticing, his body temperature and the vaccination history are checked through the monitor. In the company, he received an alert that he contacted a person who got covid-19 from his smartphone. He stopped his work and way back to home, continuing his work with zoom. His self quarantine is ended next of the day because the person who got the disease was cured.

2. A new pandemic hit us in 2030. Write an imaginary scenario about this pandemic. What would this disease be like, how would people react to it, and how would it change people’s lives?

A new virus infected lots of people and killed people. The virus is airborne so that people should wear enhanced mask. The air is contaminated so that we need to buy a air-cleaner to breath without gas mask at home. The symptom of the infection is not visible so that we can’t distinguish the patient and uninfected person. People tried to make a vaccine of the virus but it does not work well. Every school and company uses zoom and vr service to deal with the pandemic and people cooperate well so the virus no longer spread quickly.
