---
title: '대학영어 Chap 6 6-9'
layout: single
categories:
  - study
  - english
tags: []
---
## vocab

- sympathy : the feeling of being sorry for someone who is in a bad situation
- unjust : not fair or reasonable
- conception : an *idea* about what something is like, or a general understanding of something
- sentimental : easily affected by emotions such as love, sadness etc (tender. light)
- nobody : someone who is not important and has no importance
- eccentric : behaving in a way that is unusual and different from most people
- disagreeable : not at all enjoyable or presant
- persistent : continuing to do something, although this is difficult or other people warn you not to do it.
- infinite : without limits in space or time / finite
- enchanted : an enchanted object or place has been changed by magic that it has special powers.
- permanent : continuing to exist for a long time or for all the time in the future
- refuge : shelter or protection from someone or something
- comrade : friend, especially someone who shares difficult work or danger
- measure : an action, especially an official one, that is intended to deal with a particular problem. (조치)
- guarantee : to make it certain that something will happen
- fracture : break or crack
- unbearable : too unpleasant, painful, or annoying to deal with
- hallucianation : something which you imagine you can see hear but which is not really there, or the experience of this
- temporary : continuing for only a limited time
- catastrophe : a terrible event in which there is a lot of destruction, suffering, or death

## starry night

- moon, star-filled night sky
- turbulent, swirling
- crescent moon
- Venus, concentric
- steeple (첨탑), cypress tree, flame-like

## Handout 8 starry night

1. When was The Starry Night painted and where? Why did Van Gogh stay in that place?
- June 1889, An year before he died. At the mental hospital. He went to mental hospital after he cut his ear. He went there by himself.

- asylum : mental hospital
- mutilation : cut body himself

2. How many rooms did Van Gogh have? What scenery was painted in The Starry Night? How many times did Van Gogh paint that scenery?

- He had two rooms. (A bed room (2F), The painting studio(1F))
- Scenery of his bedroom window. 
- He drew more than 21 times. (Different picture, time, weather)
- The only nocturne, night view.

3. What did Van Gogh write about The Starry Night in his letter to Theo? What did he think about this work?
- He didn't mention a lot of times. 
- He refer to his painting as failure.

4. When did Van Gogh experience his second breakdown? What do the underlined “some art historians” believe?
- 1st breakdown : When he cut his ear
- 2nd breakdown : July 18, 1889. A month after he made his painting.
- Some think that the seed of 2nd breakdown was already present. 
5. Who were the owners of The Starry Night after Van Gogh died? Where is it now?
- He sent it to Theo, After Theo died the picture was his widow, after that, it moved to Museum of Modern Art

- caretaker : 후견인
- postage : 우편
- legacy : 유산
- idealized : Not real
- overcast : cloudy

## Handout 10 Listening

1.	(1:20~1:38) What is the main question discussed in this video clip? What is a short answer?
    - A rash conclusion

    - rash : 성급한
    - insanity : mentally ill, can't live normally in society
    - Not purely van gogh's creation

2.	(1:38~2:11) What can we learn about the Starry Night from the astronomy handbooks?

    - If we take a look at the astronomy book
    - Not purely van gogh's creation. (venus was large and with the moon)
    - He might have been inspired by the bright sky at that time. 

3.	(2:11~2:34) What did van Gogh invent in this painting? What effects do the added components have?

    - The Land part, he created the village by himself.
    - The tree -> large/ Church with steep -> smaller  The feeling of the depth is expressed
    - The spirial -> The right above the vanishing point

4.	(2:34~2:48) What aspect of this painting shows van Gogh’s madness?

    - Related to the brushwork. He worked very fast. He even left some part of the canvas clean. When he put paints in the painting, It was quit spontanious.

5.	(2:48~3:46) What strengthens the contrast between the picture’s two halves? Did Van Gogh intend to create such a contrast?

    - Strong contrast between the sky and the village part. How he handled the painting. Lower part : solid. black and nothing moves. But the sky part. Dynamic. swirl and surges(빠르게 움직이다)
    - It's conscious thing. By planning the painting.

## Dictation

- spotanious : 즉흥적인, 계획되지 않은
- insanity : 광기
- rash : 섣부른, 성급한
- spiral : 나선
- stopped short : stop suddenly
- So he invented a landscape adding the cypress and the village steeple which give the picture depth and structure it.
- bare : 비어있는
- skein : 타래
- swirl and surge : 흔들리고 회오리침
- solidity, dynamism : 견고성 역동성

## vocab

- drawing / Painting : Paint ont the top of the canvas / lines only
- Type of painting : landscape, portrait, still life(정물화)
- Styles of painting : realism, impressionism(spot the light, express the natural light), expressionism, abstract art(추상미술)
- Painting materials : water colors, oil, acrylic, crayon, pastel
- Lines : straight, curved, curly, spiral
- horizontal, vertical, diagonal line
- thin, thick
- symmetric / asymmetric
- circle, oval, triagle, square, rectangle, pentagon, hexagon, octagon / organic (shape)

- Rough/uneven/coarse vs smooth /fine
- complementary / cool vs warm / dark, bright/ vibrant, bold
- perspective : 원근법
- foreground / background
- upper/lower right/left hand corner 