---
title: '대학영어 Chap 6 2, 3, 4, 5'
layout: single
categories:
  - study
  - english
tags: []
---

## Van Gogh's life 

1. the Netherlands
    - Family background : His father was a protestant minister. Religious person.
    - Personality : He was shy and introverted. He left self confidence. 
    - Best friend : His brother, Theo. (maintainted a very good relationship)

2. Borinage, Belgium
    - What job? : He became a preacher in impoverished(very poor) mining village. He wanted to do good in world.
    - What happened? : He was dismissed by the church after 6 months. He stayed at the village without pay because he was concerned about the suffering of the poor miners.

3. Antwerp, Belgium
    - His first major painting? : "Potato Eaters"
    - What did he do? : He briefly attended to formal art school in the beginner's class.
    - What kind of art was he interested in? : He was interested in japanese art. / Liked the bright and vibrant color.

4. Paris, France
    - What art style did he study? Did he like it? : He studied Impressionism. Dominant art style. He liked their use of natural light color. But not impressionism is interested in commitment(헌신) to social causes.
    - What art style did he pursue? : He wanted to draw not just what he saw, but draw what he felt. / Made his own style. Expressionism.

5. Arles, France
    - What did he do? : He painted. He spent most of his money to painting supplies
    - Who did he invite for what? : He invited Paul Gogang. (Only accepted) lived together. but they qurreled. 
    - Where did he continue painting? : He continued painting in the mental hospital.

6. Auvers, France
    - What happened? : He committed suicide, at age 37. 
    - His last words? : The sadness will never end.

## Handout 4

   - His personallity: being introverted and shy, enthusiastic to art. Try to help lots of people.

   - dismiss : (해고되다)
   > dismiss () for something  
   > dismiss () from something  
   > sack (british) / fire (american)  

   - inspire : 영감을 주다
   > inspire () to do something  
   > inspire () to something  

## Handout 5 Letter.

- How many recipients? : Two people; Theo/Gogang
- Relationship with Theo : Very close, informal, personal
- Relationship with Gogang : Not very close. colleague

### Letter 1 

1.	What was Van Gogh’s only anxiety at that time?
    - His only anxiety : How can I be of use in the world?
    - He wanted to be used to serve a greater purpose.

2.	How were the miners and the weavers in the village generally represented in the world? What did Van Gogh want to do for them?
    - According to the letter, the miners and weavers, they were thought as the criminals and theives, he thought that it is unfair. Touching and sad. He wanted to draw them and show it to other people to show they are not bad people.

### Letter 2

1.	What did Van Gogh feel about himself? (para. 2)
    - He thought himself a nobody, an eccentric(wierd) and disagreeable man, someone who has no position in society

2.	What was Van Gogh’s conception of art? (para. 1 & 2)
    - He wanted to do drawings that touch people. Not sentimetal, but serious sorrow
    - He wants to show the heart of such a nobody. Express the feeling of people like him(nobody, people in low position)

### Letter 3

1.	How was life in Arles? Did Van Gogh enjoy living in Arles?
      - Life was very expensive. only eat simple foods. But he enjoyed living in Arles. Enjoyed sunlight, sky, stars. The nature was very delightful. 

### Letter 4

1.	What kind of artists’ colony did Van Gogh dream of?
    - Where artists can live together , most of them are very poor, he wanted to help them.
    - He wanted to protect the artist's ability to make a living, to guarantee access to thte tools of art and to keep for the  artists a share in the price their paintings. (their paintings are cheap. If they become more famuos, the price may rise but the artist is still poor.)


### Letter 5

1.	What can we infer about Van Gogh’s mental and physical conditions at the time he wrote this letter and a month before that? 
- His condition was very bad a month before he wrote his letter. He fractured his brain / Suffered from hallucinations (환각) / but he got much better - Make Theo not to worry. Because Gogang left him.


### Letter 6

1.	Why did Van Gogh want to go to the hospital at St. Remy?

    - He wants to keep working. If he works alone he would probably lose the power to work. To continue work.

### Letter 7

1.	Inferring from this last letter of Van Gogh, what seems to have been the most important thing in his life?
    - Painting was the most important thing. "The truth is we can only make our pictures speak"

2.	According to Van Gogh, what was his brother’s role?
    - Supporting. -> helped creation of artwork.