---
title: '대학영어 Chap 4. Reading 3'
layout: single
categories:
  - study
  - english
tags: []
---

## Reading

- Compare the two wards (the First Division and the Second Division) for pregnant women.
  - Which ward attended more pregnant women? : Two wards saw equal number of births.
  - Who helped deliver babies? : In the first division, doctors helped deliver babies, while second division, midwives did.
  - How many women died? : 600 to 800 mothers died in the first division while only 60 deaths in second revision
  - Which ward did women prefer? : Second Division.
- What happend to semmelweis' colleague before he died? What symptoms did he have? : He was working with the dead body and accidantly cut himself. Same symptom with childbed fever.
- What did Semmelweis infer from the death of his colleague? : His inference was that two people have similar symptoms. It looks like the two have the same origin(dead body). / Midwives were not able to work with dead bodies.
- What did Semmelweis do after the discovery? What happened thanks to his effort? : They washed their hands with chlorinated limewater before examining pregnant patients and also when going from patient to patient. 
- What was the accepted notions of disease at that time? : Imbalance of basic fluids (four humors) : black bile, yello bile, phlegm, blood -> Too much or too little of any of the four humors influences health and temperament.
- Why wouldn't other doctors listen to Semmelweis despite his statistical(empirical) data? : He had the data but he didn't have any sufficient theory that can explain the data.
- What was an underlying reason why the medical authorities did not accept Sammelweis' data? : The medical authorities didn't accept that they were responsible for many deaths.
- What happened to Sammelweis in the end? : He was dismissed from the hospital. (expelled)
- What did Sammelweis do in Hungary? : He continued his work. He wrote a book (not good review).
- Where did he die and now? : He was taken into mental hospital and died (beaten by the guards.)

## words
- ward : a large room in a hospital where people who need medical treatment stay
- midwife : specially trained nurse whose job is to help women when they are having a baby
- seek : to try to achieve or get something
- dissect : to cut up the body of a dead animal or person in order to study it
- cadaver : a dead human body, especially one used for study
- mortality : the number of death
- anatomy : the science study of the structure of human or animal bodies
- extraordinary : very unusual and surprising
- rigid : very unwilling to change one's idea or behavior
- authorities : the people or organizations in charge of a particular area
- notion : an idea, belief, or opinion
- transmit : to send or pass something from one person, place or thing to another
- pioneering : introducing new and better methods or ideas for the fist time
- germ : a very small living thing that can make you ill.
- empirical : based on scientific testing or practical experience, not on idea
- radical : very new and different from what most people think or believe
- dismiss : to remove someone from their job
- accuse someone of (doing) something : to say that you believe someone is guilty of doing something bad.
- stubbornness : having or showing determination not to change one's mind, even when people think you are being unreasonable
- breakdown : a serious medical condition in which someone becomes mentally ill and is unable to work or deal with ordinary situation in life
- tireless : working very hard in a determined way without stopping 
