---
title: '대학영어 Chap 3 15, 16, 17, 18'
layout: single
categories:
  - study
  - english
tags: []
---

## Counterarguments / Answer

1. What can we say to the food industry and the people who argue that they should be guaraneteed freedom?
    - This program would, of course, upset the processed food industry. Oh well. It would also bug those who might resent paying more for soda and chips and argue that their right to eat whatever they wanted was being breached.(위반하다?) But public health is the role of government, and our diet is right up there with any other public responsibility you can name, from water treatment to mass transit.
2. Tax seems to unfairly target the low income people.
    - Some advocates for the poor say taxes like these are unfair because low-income people pay a highter percentage of their income for food and would find it more difficult to buy soda or junk. But since poor people suffer disproportionately(불균형적인) from the cost of high-quality, fresh foods, subsidizing those food would be particularly beneficial to them. 
3. Why should we target sugar-sweetened beverages among any other bad foods?
    - Of the 289 additional calories per day is from sugar-sweetened beverages, they cause cardiovascular diseases as well as obesity. 
4. Isn't education a more fundamental approach to improving national diet?
    - We have failed in changing people's habit by educating people. Food industry spend lots of money advertising bad foods. 
5. What research evidence is there that shows whether taxing will actually be helpful?
    - According to the study, we will have more tax revenue. (24%, 13 billion dollars)
6. Does Mark Bittman also have any ideas to bring changes to the diet other than taxing bad food?
    - Vending machines for vegetables, Letting people know good recipes, tools, Promote healthier eating on tv.

## Handout 18 Why beef is the worst food for the climate?

### vocab

- livestock : 가축
- cattle : 송아지
- poultry : birds (chicken, turcky, ducks)

> cow-beef / pig-pork / chicken-chicken / sheep-lamb

- ranching : breeding animals on a large farm
- feeding/grazing animals : give foods / give grass to animals
- burp 
- crop : plant. (wheat, rice, or fruit)
- greenhouse gas : a gas that traps heat above the Earth and cause the green house effect. 
- emit : to send out gas, heat, etc. (emission)
- fossil fuel : a fuel such as coal and oil.
- footprint : the effect that a person's activities have on the environment
- deforestation : the cutting or burning down of all the trees in an area.

### Answers of handout

1. (0:00~0:42) What does the chart show? What are good things to eat when it comes to global warming? What is the biggest contributor to global warming?
    - x axis of the chart shows different kinds of everyday foods / the y axis shows how much greenhouse gases is emitted 
    - A small amout of greenhouse gases are released. Many Livestock, coffee .. beef 's bar is high.

2. (0:42~2:43) What “farming process” accounts for most of the differences between cow/sheep products and everything else? Briefly explain how this factor contributes to global warming.
    - Burping of cows and sheeps. They eat grass, tough materials. They produce methane gas by burp or farting (95%) CH4 traps heat more than CO2. To exelerate the green house effect.

3. (2:43~end) How is the way we use our land related to global warming? Briefly explain the mechanism.
   - from 1800's started to cultivate(cutting down trees) a lot of land to use. To make city or infra, we use small amount of land. The largest portion of agriculture is for grazing cows. (Compared to growing plants)
   - Trees can store carbons but if we cut down trees, carbon is released.

## handout 18 words.

- dispairity : difference
- diegst : 소화하다, (in)digestion.
- byproduct : 부산물
- trap : 잡히다. 붙잡히다
- skyrocket : increases very quickly. (soar)
- grazing : growing crops
- surpass : to be even grater than (상회하다)
- cattle ranching : cow farming