---
title: '대학영어 Chap 4. 2~3'
layout: single
categories:
  - study
  - english
tags: []
---

## Covid-19 Expressions

### Covid-19

- outbreak : Happen, or Begin (of disease, war)
- infectious/contagious : 전염성 높은(spread quickly)
- case : 환자 (patient)
- spread : 퍼지다 (transmit)
- pandemic : global-scale disease
- infected person : patient who get the disease
- sneeze /cough
- contaminate : make something dirty
- contract : get the virus (infected)
- asymptomatic : no symptom
- sore : pain in throat
- pneumonia : 폐렴
- fever : high temp.
- incubation period : 잠복기
- curfew : 통금
- contract tracing 
- herd immunity : 집단면역
- social distancing : 사회적 거리두기
- tested positive for : 양성 판정 (<-> negative)
- self quarantine : 자가격리
- private gatherings : 사적모임
- vaccination : get vaccine
- fatality rate : death rate (치명률)
- sanitizer : 소독제
- decimate : 몰살하다
- ravage : 파괴하다
- ambassador : 대사
- procedure : 절차
- virulent : 치명적인
- inoculate : 접종하다 (*)
- revered : 존경받다
- compulsory : 의무적인
- eradicate : 근절하다
- plague : 역병
- sparkled : covered with many small marks or spots


### Useful Exp.

- Caught
- Contracted
- Got infected
- Tested positive

## Small Pox (Reading 2)

### Paragraph 1 & 2

- How long has it been? : It had been almost 10,000 years
- How contagious was the disease? : 50~60% of population contract the disease
- How fatal was the disease? : 20~30% of the infected people died.
- Children were vulnurable from the disease.
- In the 16th and 18th centuries, how did it affect wars between European countries and the Americas? : Spanish brought smallpox and many native American died. (Used in war deliberately)
- Symptoms : High fever, discomport, Headache, Vomiting, Rash(Red Spot), Blister(수포), scar, some people went blind
- Social classes : All the class (e.g. Queen Elizabeth, Mozart, George Washington)

### Paragraph 3 & 4

- Variolation : 인두법(primative form of vaccination)
- What observation served as the basis of the variolation? : Survivors of smallpox never get the disease again.
- Where was it first used and how was it introduced to England? : China and India. Introduced by Lady Mary Montagu
- Variolation Technique : Make small cut, put smallpox material(e.g. pus) to the skin. -> suffer a mild version of smallpox -> develop natural immunity / usually successful. / 2 % died. (strong), possability that they can start new epidemic.
- What observation served as the basis for vaccination? : People who get over the cowpox never get smallpox (similar disease, developed cross-immunity)
- Who developed the vaccination, what did he do? : Dr. Edward Jenner, he cut the skin and put cowpox material (similar principle, safer technique)
- Where does the name "vaccine" came from? : Latin word for "cow"
- Why was Jenner's finding rejected and criticized at first? : They wanted more proof / Variolators lose their jobs. 
- How did it eventually get accepted? : doctors, scientists experimented and found that he was right.

### Paragraph 5

- Who initiated the campaign to eradicate smallpox? : WHO began the campaign to eradicate smallpox
- When and where was the last case reported? : Somalia, 1977
- When was smallpox officially declared as having been eradicated from the world? : 1980, World Health Assembly declared free from smallpox


