---
title: '대학영어 Chap3 2, 3'
layout: single
categories:
  - study
  - english
tags: []
---

## Words

- snack on (something) : ~을 간식으로 먹다.
- a sweet tooth : 단 것을 좋아하다. (have ~)
- have an acquired taste for : 획득한 맛 (후천적 기호식품)
- from scratch : 이전 준비없이 (처음부터)
- potluck : 한 사람당 한 가지씩 음식을 가져와 하는 파티

## Tips for healthy eating

1. Don't eat anything your great-grandmother wouldn't recognize as food.
   > Traditional foods or homemade foods are generally better foods compared to newly invented   foods.
2. Avoid food products that have more than 5 ingredients; avoid food products containing ingredients that a third-grader cannot pronounce.
    > The longer the list of ingredient is, generally there're lots of chemical ingredients.
3. Treat meat as a flavoring or special occation food.
    > Do not eat lots of meats.
4. Eating what stands on one legs, (mushrooms, plant food) is better than eating what stands two legs(fowl : means bird), which is better thatn eatnig what stands on four legs(cows, pigs and other mammels).
5. Eating like an omnivore; eat your colors.
    > omnivore : 잡식동물 / Try to eat that have different colors(nutrients).
6. Sweeten and salten your food yourself.
    > In case of homemade foods, you can adjust the amount of salt and sugar.
    > Cook yourself. Do not eat too much sweet and salty foods.
7. The whiter the bread, the sooner you'll be dead.
    > Much part of wheat is cut down, which contains lots of nutrients.
8. Buy smaller plates and glasses.
    > Don't eat too much. Only eat small amount of food.
9. Breakfast like a king, lunch like a prince, dinner like a pauper.
    > Eat sufficient amount of food at breakfast, eat less at lunch, eat even less at dinner.
    > pauper : very poor person
10. Try not to eat alone.

## More food rules by Michel Pollan

1. Shop the peripheries of the supermarket and stay out of the middle.
    > periphery : the outer side  
    > In the middle, there're lots of shelves, and there're cans, factory made processed foods, food's that have chemical preservatives. They don't need refrigrators.  
    > For outside, there're refrigrators and no chemical preservatives in the food.
2. Treat meat as a flavoring or special occation food.
    > Americans eat a lot meat. It is not good because they may get heart diseases or cancer.  
    > Swap the portion of meat and vegetables. (Little of meat, Lot of vegetables)  
3. Eating what stands on one legs, (mushrooms, plant food) is better than eating what stands two legs(fowl : means bird), which is better thatn eatnig what stands on four legs(cows, pigs and other mammels).
    > Plants and mushrooms are better than meat, white meat is better than red meat.  
4. Don't overlook the oily little fishes.  
    > Fishes, especially oily little fishes is good for health.  
    > Oily little fish : 등푸른생선 ex) 고등어
5. Enjoy drinks that have been caffeinated by nature, not food science.
    > Caffeinated by nature : coffee, tea .. (a little bit of caffeine is good (antioxidents))  
    > Human-made caffeine : Energy drinks etc. are not good.
6. Eat when you are hungry, not when you are bored.
    > Don't eat too much snack because you're bored. But eat when you're hungry.
7. Do all your eating at a table.
    > Eat on the run : doing things and eating simualtaneously.   
    > Eat mindfully : Know what you're eating, how much you're eating.
8. Cook.
    > Cook ourselves. Buy something from outside, it is hard to control the amount of nutrients.
9. Break the rules once in a while.
    > It's okay to break the rule once in a while. Don't break the rules too often.  
    > It is important to have good daily habits.