---
title: '대학영어 Chap3 4, 5'
layout: single
categories:
  - study
  - english
tags: []
---

## More food rules by Michael Pollan : dictation

- Shop the peripheries of the supermarket and stay out of the middle.
  > Most supermarkets are laid out the smae way: Processed food (가공식품) products dominate the center aisles(s 묵음, passages between the shelves.) of the store, while the cases of mostly fresh food line the walls. (벽을 따라 늘어서). If you keep to the edges of the store, you'll be much more likely to wind up with(will end up with good foods.) real food in your shopping cart.

- Treat meat as a flavoring or special occation food. 
  > Meat is nourishing(영양가 있는) food, but the average American eats meat as part of two or even three meals a day - more than half a pound per person per day - and there is evidence that the more meat there is in your diet the greater your risk of heart disease and cancer. Consider swapping(exchange) the traditional portion(the amount of food for one person) sizes : Instead of an eight-ounce steak and a four-ounce portion of vegetables, serve four ounces of beef and eight ounces of veggies.

- Eating what stans on one leg (mushrooms and plant foods) is better than eating what stands on two legs (fowl), which is better than eating what stands on four legs (cows pigs and other mammels)
  > This Chinese proverb offers a good summary of traditional wisdom regarding the relative healthfulness of different kinds of food. Here's the streamlined version ; the fewer the feet, the better the meat!

- Don't overlook the oily little fishes.
  > Wild fish are among the healthiest things you can eat, yet many wild fish stocks are on the verge of (something is about to happen or likely to happen)collapse because of overfishing.Fortunately, a few of the most nutritious (영양가 있는) wild fish species (including mackrel, sardines, and anchovies (고등어, 정어리, 멸치)) are well managed, and in some cases are even abundant(풍족한). Thos oily little fishes are particularly good choices. 

- Enjoy drinks that have been caffeinated by nature, not food science. 
  > The antioxidants in coffee and tea as well as in chocolate, which also contains caffein, may do us some good. Too much caffein, however, can make people jittery and anxious and the jury is still out (it is controversial / we do not know/ yet not know the answer or have not decided if it is good or bad)on the new generation of caffeinated energy drinks. So, it would probably better off getting your caffein in moderation(not too much  ) from a plant rather than a factory.

- Eat when you are hungry, not when you are bored.
  > (One old wives' test) If you're not hungry enough to eat an apple, then you're not hungry.

- Do all your eating at a table.
  > No, a desk is not a table. If we eat while we're working, or while watching TV or driving, we get mindlessly (<-> mindfully / not thinking about what we're doing) and as a result eat a lot more than we would if we were eating at a table, paying attention to what we're doing.

- Break the rules once in a while
  > There will be special occations when you will wnat to throw these rules out the window. All will not be lost. What matters is not the special occation but the everyday practice. As Oscar Wilde said, all things in moderation "including moderation"

## An Interview with Michael Pollan : Comprehension Questions.

1. What is the main message of the rules?
   > Eat food (not "Food-like" processed products), not too much, mostly plants.
    - The main message that nutritional science gives us

2. What is "nutritional-industrial complex"? What is an example?
    > Nutritional science and industry are related. When nutritionists come out with a new nutritional finding, the ofod industry uses it to sell more food to people. 
   * However, the foods that are advertised as being healthy are not always healthy.
   * e.g., 1970's using the low-fat campaign to sell low-fat (but high-carbohydrate) products
   * e.g. 2, Icecream (5 ingredients) / Real sugar coke
3. What kind of food do food companies sell?
   > The foods they sell use cheap raw ingredients, and too much salt, sugar and fat to cover that up.
4. How can we avoid the influence of the nutritional-industrial complex?
    > Cook. (Find the time to cook)
5. How is agriculture related to the issue of food and diet?
    > The government's agriculture policy forced prices of corn and soy down. Since then, Americans have been eating 500 more calories per day and have become more obese. (goverments give subsidies to farmers who raise corn and soy)
6. What should we know about pestisides? Why?
    > Know which foods have more pesiticide residue to determine whether to buy organic products.
    * e.g. Dirty Dozen. -> Tweleve worst vegetables in terms of pesticide.
    * Strawberries, Spinach, Kale, Nectarines(천도복숭아), Apples, Grapes, Cherries, Peaches, Pears, Bell peppers, Celery, Tomatoes.

7. Can we revolutionize the American diet?
    > Yes. The number of farmers' markets has double in ten years. (Locally grown fresh fruits and veggies)

8. Why should we "do all our eating at a table" and "try not to eat alone"?
    > If we eat a table, we tend to eat more mindfully. If we eat with other people, we tend to eat less and more slowly. Eating is a social act.