---
title: '대학영어 Writing Assignment 3'
layout: single
categories:
  - study
  - english
tags: []
---

### Paragraph

- A group of sentences that deal with one main idea or subject(unity)

### Features of well-structured paragraph

- Topic sentence
  - Usually the first or second sentence
  - Tells the reader what the paragraph is about
  - Contains two parts : Main subject (general topic) + controlling idea(focus)

- Supporting sentences
  - Biggest part of the paragraph
  - Give specific details to support the topic sentence (details to use depend on the topic, purpose, and readers)
  - Used skills : Comparisons, contrasts, descriptions, examples, explanations, facts, reasons, statistics, etc.

- Concluding sentence
  - At the end of a paragraph
  - Wrap up a paragraph and signal the end
  - Show how the controlling idea was sufficiently discussed
  - Techniques
    1. Restarting the main idea(reminder or reinforcement)
    2. Summarize the content(summarizing supporting points)
    3. Offer a suggetstion (Based on your discussion in the paragraph)
    4. Make a prediction (based on your discussion in the paragraph)
    5. Give an opinion(based on your discussion in the paragraph)
    - Do not introduce a new idea is irrelevant to what you have disscussed in the paragraph

### Questions

1. Among a.~c., what seems to be the best topic sentence of a paragraph and why?
  - a. Ice Age people recorded the appearance of new moons by making scratches in animal bones. (too specific)
  - b. Ancient people recorded lunar and solar events in different ways.
  - c. The history of astronomy is interesting.
  - The topic sentence should not be too broad nor be too specific. (too broad)

  - a. In this paragraph, I am going to show that hybrid automobiles are more economical to operate than gasoline-powered cars. (in this paragraph, I'm going to show that is not necessary)
  - b. In hybrid cars, a computer under the hood decides to run the electric motor, the small gasoline engine, or the two together. (Too specific)
  - c. The new hybrid automobiles are popular for many reasons. (easy to think of new content)

2. Paragraph 분석 (예제)
> _____ For example, the Eskimos, living in a treeless region of snow and ice, sometimes build temporary homes out of thick blocks of ice. People who live in deserts, on the other hand, use the most available materials, mud or clay, which provide good insulation from the heat. In northern Europe, Russia, and other areas of the world where forests are plentiful, people usually construct their homes out of wood. In the islands of the South Pacific, where there is an abundant supply of bamboo and palm, people use these tough, fibrous plants to build their homes. 

  - 1) Fill in the blank
    - Housing design in different cultures is generally related to the types of materials available for consturction.
  - 2)	What kinds of specific details are provided to support the topic sentence?
    - Example

3. 예제 2
> Many governments are responding aggressively to the threat that cell phones pose to safety on the road. In 2009, almost 1,000 automobile deaths occurred in the United States alone because drivers were distracted by cellular phones1. Cell phone use increases the chance of an accident resulting in hospitalization by a factor of four2.(Statistics) These problems can be blamed on the fact that using cell phones dramatically slows drivers’ reaction times. “If you put 20-year-old drivers behind the wheel with a cell phone, their reaction times are the same as 70-year-old drivers who are not using a cell phone,” said University of Utah psychology professor David Strayer.(Quotations) “It’s like instantly aging a large number of drivers3.” Because studies show that the use of cell phones while driving is so dangerous, it has been banned in dozens of countries around the world. For example, in Australia, Bahrain, the United Kingdom, and Brazil, drivers are now required to pay a fine if they are caught texting or talking on a mobile device.(Examples) Governments are hopeful that these laws will lead to safer communication practices and fewer fatal accidents.
  - 1) What is the topic sentence of this paragraph? Identify the topic and the controlling idea.
    - Topic sentence : Many governments are responding aggressively to the threat that cell phones pose to safety on the road.
    - Main topic : Cell phone use while driving
    - Controlling idea : Many governments are responding aggressively to it because it is dangerous.
  - 2)	What are the supporting sentences? What kinds of specific details are provided to support the topic sentence?
    - Supporting sentences : Sentence 2 ~ Except for the last sentence
    - Specific details used : Staticstics(a lot of people died), Quotation (Professor said ...), Examples (Examples of these governments)
  - 3)	What is the concluding sentence? Which concluding technique is used among the following options?
    - Concluding sentence : Governments are hopeful that these laws will lead to safer communication practices and fewer fatal accidents
    - Used technique : making a prediction

4. 예제3
> Causes of phobias have not been fully understood, but a phobia can be usually traced back to the following triggers. First, a phobia is often linked to an early negative childhood experience. For example, if a person is trapped in a confined space when s/he is young, s/he may develop a claustrophobia. It is also thought that phobias can sometimes be learnt. For example,(example) if someone in a person’s family has a fear of spiders (arachnophobia), s/he may also develop the same fear. Finally, genetics and/or brain chemistry may play a role in phobias. Identical twins, for example,(example) are more likely to develop phobias for the same objects, such as snakes or rats, than non-identical twins. Although exact causes of phobias are variable and are often unknown, traumatic life experiences, observations, and inborn predisposition are some common triggers of phobias.    
  - 1)	What is the topic sentence of this paragraph? Identify the topic and the controlling idea.
    -	Topic sentence : Causes of phobias have not been fully understood, but a phobia can be usually traced back to the following triggers
    -	topic idea : phobia
    - controlling idea : causes of phobias
  - 2) What are the supporting sentences? What kinds of specific details are provided to support the topic sentence?
    - Supporting sentences :First, a phobia (line 2) ~ than non-identical twins (line 8)
    - Specific details : examples, explanation

  - 3)	In this paragraph, the supporting sentences are organized into supporting points. How many supporting points are there? (Hint: Note words like “first” … These words, commonly called “transition signals”, signal the beginning of each supporting point.)
    - Three supporting points (transition signals)
  - 4)	What is the concluding sentence? Which concluding technique is used among the following options?
    -	Concluding sentence : Although exact causes of phobias are variable and are often unknown, traumatic life experiences, observations, and inborn predisposition are some common triggers of phobias.
    -	Used technique : summarizing the content (The concluding sentence summarizes three supporting points explained in the paragraph.)
