---
title: '대학영어 Chap 9. Reading 1'
layout: single
categories:
  - study
  - english
tags: []
---

- savage : very violent or cruel / very severe 

## Reading 1

- What is a problem in education identified in paragraph 1? : Inequality in funding given to different school (different region, different amount of money)
- Which two areas are compared? : schools in wealthy regions, they can give a lot of mony to education while poor regions does not (huge gap)
- Which area suffers from disadvantages? : Suburbs are wealthy / Inner city area is poor.
- Unequal educational needs : for inner schools there are disadvantages (poor, minority students : fall behind in their academic achievement, limited facilities, resources, high-quality teachers.) - Equal funding is not equal (more money should be sent to inner school)

### Why suburb schools get higher funding
- Local Property tax : People live in the suburb pay more money (expensive house) -> that money is used for their school
- Tax rate : the poor region have higher tax rate ->  people in poorer region knows that education is important, they pay higher tax rate, but it is not enough to fill the gap of local property tax
- The number of students : More students in inner city area -> per-student funding, less money for a person
- Tax free institutions : Cities should run tax free institutions (e.g. Police(higher crime rate), Fire department(older buildings->more fire), Public health costs (for poor people who can't go to private hospital)) -> Even less money goes to public school inside the city.

- What is the typical response from people (including the parent cited in this paragraph) about the issue? : Not interested in it, Life is unfair. We can't equalize everything. 

- Who is responsible for the problem? Why? : Government is responsible -> The government compells students to go to public schools in their own region. 
- Family and neighborhood affect education? What is the auther's conclusion? : Inner schools students are exposed to teen-age pregnancy, drug use, and other problems. Families can't spend much time for their students. Family and neighbor factor is important too but, what the government should do right now is to do something for the school environment. They force their students to go to school in their own region. -> Improve the school environment for the poor region (family, neighborhood is indirect with government.)

## Handout 8

### Summary

- What is a problem in public education? : Disparities in funding between wealthy suburbs and poor inner city areas.

- Why do we have this problem? : Local property tax, tax rate, number of students, tax-free institutions Causes this problem.

- Who is responsible for this problem and why? : Government / since family and neighborhood problems are indirect with the government, government should improve school environment.

### Close Reading

1. "Equal Funding for unequal needs is not equality" : Giving Equal funding is unequal. (unequal needs for two school)

2. "The state, by requiring attendance but refusing to require equality, effectively requires inequality." : attendance is required but the government doesn't care about the ineqality issue. 

3. "Nothing I have said should leave the misimpression that I do not think these factors are enormously important" : the auther thinks family and neighborhood is important too. He also think other factors are important too.

### Vocabulary

- disparity : a difference between two or more things, especially an unfair one
- gulf : a great difference and lack of understanding between two groups of people, especially in their beliefs, opinions, and way of life
- remarkable : unusual or surprising and therefore deserving attention
- priority : the thing that you think is most important and that needs attention befor anything else (very poor communities place a high priority on education)
- affluent : rich, wealthy
- end up with : to be in a particular state after a series of events, especially when you did not plan it.
- heighten : become stronger, increase, intensify
- expense : the amount of money that you spend on something
- ridden: full of something unpleasant or bad
- run down : a building or area that is run down is in very bad condition
- flatly : without showing any emotion
- Encyclopedia : a book containing detailed facts about many different subjects
- compell : force someone to do something
- genuine : If something is genuine, it is real and exactly what it appears to be

### Antonym
- parity <-> disparity
- fair <-> unfair
- equal <-> unequal
- equality <-> inequality
- functional <-> dysfunctional
- impression <-> misimpression

## Grammer : Present unreal conditional

- Schools could make dramatic changes almost overnight if financial equality were a reality
- If + past simple(hypothesis), would(could, might) +infinitive(result)
- If you had a time machine, what time and place would you like to go to?
- If I had a time machine, I would buy bitcoin.
- If you were a billionare, what would you like to do first?
- If I  were a billionare, I would like to travel around the world.