---
title: '대학영어 Email Writing'
layout: single
categories:
  - study
  - english
tags: []
---

## Five main components in formal e-mail

1. Subject

    > A good subject is informative (state the main topic of the email) and succinct (short but having all the information)

2. Opening salutation (greeting)

    > Uses different phrases depending on formality and the relationship between you and the recipient.  
    > Punctuation : Comma(,) or colon(:) after the opening salutation (e.g, Dear Professor Green: Dear Professor Green,)

    - Very formal : Dear + (title) + last name, (title : doctor, professor) 

    - Formal : Dear + First name,

    - Informal : Hi + First name,  or First name

    - Very informal : Hey! What's up? / No salutation

    - Unknown receiver : Dear Sir or Madam: / To whom it may concern: / Hello,

3. Main message

    - Opening sentence (introducing yourself) 
    > This is Eun Jeong Noh from your College English class.

    - A statement of purpose (why you're writing the email / the recipient would quickly know why you're writing email)
    > I am writing to you in regards to the ~~

    - Sentences outlining a request or questions.
    > Would you be able to meet the ~~?

    - Write in a polite manner.
    > Both in terms what you say and how you say. 

    - Concluding sentence
    > Thank you (informal), Thank you for your time and consideration.  
    > Hope to hear from you soon. / Looking forward to your reply. (formal)

4. Closing salutation  / signature line
    - Use different phrases depending on relationship of you and the recipient.

    - Very formal : Yours sincerely, sincerely + (full name)

    - Formal : Regards, Best wishes, All the best,  + (full name)

    - Informal : Best, Bye, + (first name)

    - Very informal : No closing Salutation / Using initials.

    - Punctuation : put Comma(,) after the closing salutation

## Effective vs. ineffective email

- Characteristics of ineffective email
  - No capitalization
  - Incorrect punctuation
  - Misspellings, Abberviations
  - Slang or emoticons
  - Sent last minute (late for deadline)
  - Vague subject line (불명확한)

- Characteristics of Effective email
  - Salutation
  - Legible font
  - Correct grammer & Mechanics
  - Proper closing
  - Positive tone, 
  - Succinct
  - Appropriate phrases

## Writing Workshop 1 

1. List of five essential components that are required in a formal email
    - Subject Line, Opening salutation, Body, Closing salutation, Signature line.

2. Best subject line
    - Hello
    - Homework assignment
    - From Hee-su Baek
    - Introduction to Psychology reading list
    (informative / includes Course title, the reading list)
    - Hello professor! I have a question about the midterm exam.

3. Appropriate opening salutation
    - You are writing an email to your professor whose name is “Robert Smith”.
    > Dear Professor Smith, (or colon)  

    > Time goes by, relationship gets better -> can call by name

    - You are sending your application package to the admission committee of a graduate school abroad. You do not know the name of the person who will receive your email.
    > Dear sir or madam: / To whom it may concern,  
    > Dear search committiee,

    - You are writing an email to all the classmates in your class.
    > Dear all, Hi everyone, 

    - You are writing an email to your close friend, “Linda Jones”.
    > Dear Linda, Hi Linda, Linda,

4. What are the three main parts of the body?
    - An opening sentence, A statement of purpose, sentences outlining a request or question (details)

5. What are some common phrases you can use to conclude the body (the last sentence of the body)? 
    - Thank you!
    - Thank you for your time and consideration on this matter.
    - Looking forward to your reply.
    - Hope to hear from you soon.

6. Imagine the four scenarios in 3 above. In each case, what expression and punctuation mark would you use as the closing salutation? Also, how would you sign your name? Think of more than one answer for each scenario, if possible.

    - Sincerely, Yours sincerely, (full name)

    - Yours sincerely, All the best, (full name) + affiliation (school, where you belong to)title and contact address

    - Regards, / Best wishes, (full name or first name)

    - Best, Bye, / first name.

7. What do CC, and BCC stand for? When do we use these functions?

    - CC: Carbon Copy. If you want to write an email to specific recipient in mind, but if you want to let some other people to read. (But reply not expected)

    - BCC : Blind Carbon Copy : Their email addresses are not shown to the recipient

## Dictionary Use

- Bilingual dictionaries (English word -> Korean translations) are not a short cut to vocabulary learning.
    > Easy to learn, Fast way to learn

- Monolingual dictionaries are used to learn natural English word usage and to "Think in English"

- Learner's dictionaries (sort of monolingual dict.)
    > Easy to read (easy definitions and examples)  
    > Information useful for learners(usage notes, common mistakes, regional varieties, etc)

- Collocation dictionaries 
    > A good way to learn natural word combinations.

### Some mistakes

- My father is a police (officer,man)

- His parents promised me to buy a new car. (promised me a new car or promised me that they would buy me a new car)

- Apartment(American) vs Flat(British)
- Pharmacist(American) vs Chemist(British)
- Soccer vs Football
- Cookie vs Biscuit

### Fill in the blacks

  - I was _widely, fully_ awake
  - Peach trees generally begin to _bear_ fruit two to four years from the time they are planted. (=produce fruit)
  - 'do' or 'make'
  >_make_ a mistake  
  >_do_ damage  
  >_do_ harm  
  >_do_ one’s hair  
  >_make_ an effort  
  >_make_ a suggestion
