---
title: 'C++ 프로그래밍 : Lecture 7, Chapter 5, 6'
layout: single
categories:
  - study
  - cpp
tags: []
---


# Chapter 5. Arrays

- Declare the array : allocate memory
- int score[5];
- Array size must be constant
- index : numbered from 0 to (size - 1)
- Brakets : in declaration, SIZE, anywhere else, subscript(index)
- subscript(index) no needs to be literal
- use defined constant(glob. const.) to the size of array
- Initialization : using brakets. {1,2,3};
- Array as Argument
```cpp
void fillUp(int a[], int size);

int score[5], numberofScores=5;
fillup(score, numberofScores);
```
- no brackets when passing the array argument to function
- only the beginning address of array and the data type is sent. -> need to send the array size separately.
- using const keyword to prevent accessing the value of array

### Multidimensional Array function parameters

- 1st demension size is not given (provided as second parameter)
- 2nd dimension(and so on) sizes are given as constant

# Chapter 9. Strings

## C-string

- Array with base type char
- One character per indexed variable
- One extra character '\0'. (null character). (end marker)
```cpp
char s[10] = "Hi Mom!";
```
- s[0] = 'H' ... s[6]='!', s[7]='\0'
- char shortString[] = "abc" ; (automatically makes size more than the length of quoted string)

- can ONLY use "=" at the declaration of c-string 
```cpp

char aString[10];
aString = "Hello"; //ILLEGAL
```

- must use strcpy(aString, "Hello");
- no checks for size
- "==" also not allowed

```cpp
char aString[10] = "Hello";
char anotherString[10] = "Goodbye";
if (aString == anotherString) // NOT allowed
```

- must use strcmp(aString, anotherString);

- can use insertion, extraction operators for c-string

- when in extraction : issues exists for array size. (must be large enough to hold entered string)

- Example

```cpp
char a[80], b[80];
cout<<"Enter input:";
cin>>a>>b;
cout<<a<<b<<"EOF\n";
```
- input : Do be do to you!
- output : DobeEOF
- if you want to get entire line, us cin.getline(a,80);

## Standard Class string

- #include <string>
- treat much like simple types
- can assign, compare, add.
- initializing string  : = "asdf" , ("asdf");

- I/O with class string
- extraction still ignores whitespace. (extraction seperates spacing)
- getline(cin, line) : using getline, get complete line.
- str.size() / str.length() : returns the length of string.
- str.find(str1) : return the index of firest occurrence str1 in str
- if not found : return std::string::npos
- str.substr(position, length(opt.)) : returns substring from position to the end of the string (length)

### Korean in C/C++

- uses #include <wchar.h>
- wchar_t wch = L'가';
- wchar_t wstr[] = L"ABa나다";
- wcout << wch << endl;